hi there guys this is Tracy here and
welcome to the ng Tracy Club so we've
got a memory game for you today and this
speeches in The Night Garden Upsy Daisy
and also iggle piggle and is for ages
three and above for two to six players
so let's take a look inside shall we the
instructions are on the back and it
looks like it's in a few different
languages here Sarge a string being
English it says sir the exciting search
for matching picture pairs guarantees
House of the whole family for two to six
players from ages three and above
contents 48 cards 24 pairs that sounds
fantastic
and here's the instructions in more
details and glorious cards
so we'll lay them out
so I've laid out half the cards and I've
got the other half here so we're going
to match the pictures so you will have
the makka pakka
the tombliboos igglepiggle and upsy
daisy
it's picture here so we're just match
those up and we have upsy daisy and
igglepiggle and the ball
people people with this red blanket so
if we can find
yes
now we have Makka pakka Upsy Daisy
people work and
there they are right at the top
the tongue booze
and there at the bottom there
we have anything and if you pick up can
go on there and here they are again
very nice looks like a boat oh really
I will matches at the bottom
it's a heart
and the tombliboos
so
another half
and here's the pontipine's a great fun
- huh oh the purple one
and the tombliboos they're playing a
piano
because
the hearts it could maybe right at the
bottom
and
they tell me things
I'll beautiful picture ups-a-daisy
and the cool light picture people people
and got a few left now Makka pakka and
Upsy Daisy
and is my papa on his eye
and yeah
tombliboo that's the heart and Absa
Daisy just wake up
and ups-a-daisy okay and that's the last
one so they're all matched up but what
we need to do now is to turn all the
cards over and try and remember where
they are to match them up so I'm going
to only use half the cards and we'll see
how we get on so here we have a few of
the cards of what we need to do is
memorize the pictures of where they are
so take a few moments to memorize them
I'll turn the cards over and we'll see
if we can match them up
all right so here we go there's equal
people
equal people might be there that's a
pair they match
it's the pontipines there's the other
pontipine's that's a pair they match
he's absurd and Z is absolutely Z there
no that's a whole gang let's try another
card
there's equal pickle these equal people
here no that's absurd lazy and muck a
bug that let's try another card
this is absolute hazy
let's try the card up here ah that's
right that's a pair as it will pickle
think it'll equal people is here so
that's another pair
is the gang
now which one was it let's try this one
ah that's right the whole gang the
tombliboos makka pakka upsy daisy and
iggle piggle so we just have one last
one to turn over Upsy Daisy and Makka
pakka and that's a pair
did you guess correctly take care then
guys don't forget to come back to a
whole lot more here on mg Traci right
now